#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
astroid==3.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
cachetools==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   tox
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   tox
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   tox
coverage[toml]==7.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==4.2.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-lint==5.3.7
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
filelock==3.15.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
lxml[html-clean]==5.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lxml-html-clean
lxml-html-clean==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lxml
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
mock==3.0.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
path==16.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
polib==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pycodestyle==2.12.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pylint==3.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pyproject-api==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   tox
pytest==8.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2024.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   mock
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomlkit==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
tox==4.16.0
    # via -r requirements/tox.txt
virtualenv==20.26.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   tox
